Output- A program may need to communicate with a user. This could be to show the outcome of the program, or to request more information to allow the program to run. This is often shown as text on the user's screen and is known as output.
String (data Type)-Definition. A string is a data type used in programming, that is used to represent text rather than numbers. A string is a sequence of characters and can contain letters, numbers, symbols and even spaces. It must be enclosed in quotation marks for it to be recognized as a string.
string literal- A "string literal" is a sequence of characters from the source character set enclosed in double quotation marks (" "). String literals are used to represent a sequence of characters which, taken together, form a null-terminated string.
String Concatenation (different ways)-Concatenation, in the context of programming, is the operation of joining two strings together. The term"concatenation" literally means to merge two things together. Also known as string concatenation.
fString- Also called “formatted string literals,” f-strings are string literals that have an f at the beginning and curly braces containing expressions that will be replaced with their values. The expressions are evaluated at runtime and then formatted using the __format__ protocol.
variables- What is a variable? In programming, a variable is a value that can change, depending on conditions or on information passed to the program.
input- Data entered into a program, either by the programmer or digitally, are referred to as inputs . These inputs are stored in variables and used to run the program. In order to keep the user informed about what is happening inside the program, a programmer may choose to include outputs .
Comments-Comments are text notes added to the program to provide explanatory information about the source code. They are used in a programming language to document the program and remind programmers of what tricky things they just did with the code and also helps the later generation for understanding and maintenance of code.